FONTLOG for the Foundation Titles Hand font

This file provides detailed information on the Foundation Titles Hand font software.  This information should be distributed along with the Foundation Titles Hand font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Foundation Titles Hand is a Unicode typeface family that supports all languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode ranges:  U+0020 - U+007A, U+2013 - U+2019

This release contains only the Latin upper- and lowercase characters (the lowercase being duplicates of the uppercase), the ampersand, apostrophe, hyphen and seven punctuation symbols (period, comma, exclamation mark, en dash, em dash, colon and semicolon), 65 characters (or 101 glyphs counting spaces) in all.

Documentation can be found at github.com/rsperberg/foundation-titles-hand

Foundation Titles Hand was created using iFontMaker, the iPad font-design tool made by Eiji and Tom, Inc., which you can find at 2ttf.com.  The regular font can also be downloaded from 2ttf.com/JbTu7kcPduW, and the semibold from 2ttf.com/5jvRKCvKCG0 (the Gallery at 2ttf.com hosts some 65,000 fonts created with iFontMaker that are available for downloading).

To contribute to the project, visit the Github page.

ChangeLog

23 October 2021 (Roger Sperberg) Foundation Titles Hand, regular and semibold, version 0.83
- added exclamation mark, apostrophe or right single quote, hyphen, em dash and en dash
13 October 2021 (Roger Sperberg) Foundation Titles Hand version 0.8
- added semibold version
10-11 October 2021 (Roger Sperberg) Foundation Titles Hand version 0.8
- created Github repository with ttf and source files, OFL and other information files and samples
- initial release

Acknowledgments

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D).  This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Roger Sperberg
E: glypheryfonts@gmail.com
W: http://glyphery.com
D: Designer - made original Roman glyphs from character design used in the title sequence of Foundation, an Apple TV+ series, which was created by Imaginary Forces

Glyphery is a font foundry created by Roger Sperberg, located on the web at glyphery.com.
Imaginary Forces is a Los Angeles-based design studio and creative agency whose website is at imaginaryforces.com.

-----
